原文：[Python Weekly - Issue 282](http://eepurl.com/cCgOaT)
---

Welcome to issue 282 of Python Weekly. Let's get straight to the links this
week.  
  
# 来自赞助商  
  | [![](https://gallery.mailchimp.com/e2e180baf855ac797ef407fc7/images
/fb8e903d-788d-4986-a791-c5be3926cbca.png)](https://www.yhat.com/whitepapers
/data-science-in-practice?utm_source=PyWeekly) | [[Whitepaper] Five Common
Applications of Data Science](https://www.yhat.com/whitepapers/data-science-
in-practice?utm_source=PyWeekly)  
In this whitepaper we introduce five common applications of data science
alongside examples of companies using them to solve real business problems.
No, it doesn't involve cats.  
\- The Yhat team  
---|---  
  
  
# 新闻  
  
[DjangoCon US 2017 Update: Call for Proposals, Mentorship, and Financial Aid
Are Open!](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2017/feb/13/djangocon-us-2017
-update-call-proposals-mentorship/)  
  
  
# 文章，教程和讲座  
  
[Episode #98: Adding concurrency to Django with Django
Channels](https://talkpython.fm/episodes/show/98/adding-concurrency-to-django-
with-django-channels)  
One of the major areas of innovation in Python 3 is advances in async and
concurrent programming. Yet, when working with any of the major web
frameworks: django, flask, or pyramid, this is basically no concurrent option.
That's why Andrew Godwin decided to tackle the issue on the django side with
django channels.  
  
[Deep Learning and Keras with François
Chollet](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/01/29/deep-learning-and-
keras-with-francois-chollet/ )  
Keras is a minimalist, highly modular neural networks library, written in
Python and capable of running on top of either TensorFlow or Theano. It was
developed with a focus on enabling fast experimentation. In this episode,
François discusses the state of deep learning, and explains why the field is
experiencing a cambrian explosion that eventually may taper off. He explains
the need for Keras and why its simplicity and ease makes it a useful deep
learning library for developers to experiment and build with.  
  
[Recognizing digits with OpenCV and
Python](http://www.pyimagesearch.com/2017/02/13/recognizing-digits-with-
opencv-and-python/)  
This post demonstrates how to recognize digits in images using OpenCV and
Python. In the first part of this tutorial, we'll discuss what a seven-segment
display is and how we can apply computer vision and image processing
operations to recognize these types of digits (no machine learning required!).
From there I'll provide actual Python and OpenCV code that can be used to
recognize these digits in images.  
  
[Podcast.__init__ Episode 96 - SKIDL with Dave
Vandenbout](https://www.podcastinit.com/episode-96-skidl-with-dave-
vandenbout/)  
As circuits and electronic components become more complex, visual circuit
building tools are more difficult to use effectively. If you wish that you
could just write your circuits in Python then you're in luck! Dave Vandenbout
created a library called SKIDL that brings the power and flexibility of Python
to the realm of Electrical Engineering and he tells us all about it in this
weeks show.  
  
[Using Uber's Pyflame and Logs to Tackle Scaling
Issues](https://benbernardblog.com/using-ubers-pyflame-and-logs-to-tackle-
scaling-issues/)  
In this post, you'll find out what techniques and tools I used to diagnose
scaling issues - and to an extent, more general performance issues - in my
Python-based web crawler.  
  
[Oh no! This package is Python 2 only](https://medium.com/@anthonypjshaw/oh-
no-this-package-is-python-2-only-8e6316f9a02)  
You're head down, working on a new project and one of your dependencies still
doesn't support Python 3 -- argh! Here's a quick guide on how to solve that
problem, step by step.  
  
[Markov Chain Image Generation](https://jonnoftw.github.io/2017/01/18/markov-
chain-image-generation)  
In this post I will describe a method of generating images using a Markov
Chain built from a training image. We train a markov chain to store pixel
colours as the node values and the count of neighbouring pixel colours becomes
the connection weight to neighbour nodes. To generate an image, we randomly
walk through the chain and paint a pixel in the output image. The result is
images that have a similar colour pallette to the original, but none of the
coherence.  
  
[TensorFlow Image Recognition on a Raspberry Pi](http://svds.com/tensorflow-
image-recognition-raspberry-pi/)  
  
[Why hierarchical models are awesome, tricky, and
Bayesian](http://twiecki.github.io/blog/2017/02/08/bayesian-hierchical-non-
centered/)  
  
[Writing Clean Python With Namedtuples](https://dbader.org/blog/writing-clean-
python-with-namedtuples)  
  
[1 tip for effective data visualization in
Python](https://www.dataquest.io/blog/how-to-communicate-with-data/)  
  
[TensorFlow howto: a universal approximator inside a neural
net](https://blog.metaflow.fr/tensorflow-howto-a-universal-approximator-
inside-a-neural-net-bb034430b71e)  
  
[Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in 50 lines of code
(PyTorch)](https://medium.com/@devnag/generative-adversarial-networks-gans-
in-50-lines-of-code-pytorch-e81b79659e3f)  
  
  
# 书籍  
  
[The Hacker's Guide to Python](http://amzn.to/2kUz1rh)  
Python is a wonderful programming language that is being used more and more in
a lot of different industries. It is fast, flexible, and comes with batteries
included. Most of the books you read about Python teach you the language
basics. But once you've learnt them, you are on your own designing your
application and discovering best practices. In this book, we'll see how to
leverage Python to efficiently tackle your problems and build great Python
applications.  
  
[Tiny Python 3.6 Notebook](https://github.com/mattharrison/Tiny-
Python-3.6-Notebook/blob/master/python.rst)  
This is not an introduction to Python. Rather it is a notebook containing
curated examples for Python 3 as well as the new features found in Python 3.6.  
  
  
# 好玩的项目，工具和库  
  
[ergonomica](https://github.com/ergonomica/ergonomica)  
A cross-platform modern shell written in Python.  
  
[Bella](https://github.com/manwhoami/Bella)  
A pure python, post-exploitation, data mining tool and remote administration
tool for macOS.  
  
[TensorFlowOnSpark](https://github.com/yahoo/TensorFlowOnSpark)  
TensorFlowOnSpark brings scalable deep learning to Apache Hadoop and Apache
Spark clusters. By combining salient features from deep learning framework
TensorFlow and big-data frameworks Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop,
TensorFlowOnSpark enables distributed deep learning on a cluster of GPU and
CPU servers.  
  
[neat-python](https://github.com/CodeReclaimers/neat-python)  
Python implementation of the NEAT neuroevolution algorithm.  
  
[Lark](https://github.com/erezsh/Lark)  
A modern parsing library with Earley/LALR(1) support, written in Python.  
  
[ipytracer](https://github.com/sn0wle0pard/ipytracer)  
Algorithm Visualizer for Jupyter/IPython Notebook.  
  
[django-behaviors](https://github.com/audiolion/django-behaviors)  
Easily integrate common behaviors for Django models, e.g. Timestamps,
Publishing, Authoring, Editing and more.  
  
[mongoaudit](https://github.com/stampery/mongoaudit)  
mongoaudit is a CLI tool for auditing MongoDB servers, detecting poor security
settings and performing automated penetration testing.  
  
[Flametree](https://github.com/Edinburgh-Genome-Foundry/Flametree)  
Flametree is a Python library which provides a simple syntax for handling
files and folders (no os.path.join, os.listdir etc.), and works the same way
for different file systems.  
  
[densenet.pytorch](https://github.com/bamos/densenet.pytorch)  
A PyTorch implementation of DenseNet.  
  
  
# 近期活动和网络研讨会  
  
[All About Ansible - An Introduction - Philadelphia­,
PA](https://www.meetup.com/phillypug/events/236696626/)  
Come learn about the exciting world of configuration management and Python
code deployment. Our speaker will give an introduction to Ansible, a lot of
story telling and use cases, and plenty of time for Q &amp; A. Got a challenge
or question about how to scale a big data application deployment? Wondering
how to make your Django site run on more than one node with runserver and
SQLite? Feel free to bring your questions!  
  
[Statistics for Data Scientists - Houston,
TX](https://www.meetup.com/python-14/events/236367843/)  
Are you "outside" the statistics world wanting to find a way in? How about
refreshing your statistical knowledge and hopefully adding to it?   If you've
ever wondered what is meant by want to find a way in or people who want to
refresh their statistical knowledge and possibly add to it. If you have ever
wondered what is meant by probability, random variables, statistical
inference, exploratory data analysis,  etc., this talk will show you a roadmap
to these concepts.  
  
[Python Microservices in the VFX Industry - London, United
Kingdom](https://www.meetup.com/LondonPython/events/237120009/)  
The talk will start with a brief introduction to what microservices are, and
why they are useful, before diving into their use in the demanding VFX world.
Then the people behind the Python Microservices framework nameko will show us
how we can do these cool things for ourselves.  
  




